Updating the steps to run add_custom_packages.sh (#275)
open-edge-platform/edge-microvisor-toolkit: docs/developer-guide/get-started/emt-building-howto.md

## Customizing an Image

> To add packages to the default image, you can define your own `packagelist.json` file, pointing to RPMs that should be included in the image. To streamline this process, you can use the `add_custom_packages.sh` script located in `toolkit/scripts`. This script helps generate a `custom-packages.json` file and updates an existing imageconfig JSON file. The `edge-image.json` file points to multiple `packagelist` files, located under `imageconfigs/packagelists`. The same `rpms` may be included in an `imageconfig` file through the `packagelist` files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add packages to the default image, you can define your own `packagelist.json` file, pointing to RPMs that should be included in the image.
To streamline this process, you can use the `add_custom_packages.sh` script located in `toolkit/scripts`.
This script helps generate a `custom-packages.json` file and updates an existing imageconfig JSON file.
The `edge-image.json` file points to multiple `packagelist` files, located under `imageconfigs/packagelists`.
The same `rpms` may be included in an `imageconfig` file through the `packagelist` files.
```

Note that you can only add the packages for which SPEC files exist. To add `nano` as an
alternative text editor to the image:

> 1. Use the script to create a custom package list(e.g., `utilities.json`) and update an existing `imageconfig` JSON file(e.g., `edge-image.json`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the script to create a custom `utilities.json` file with a package list and update an existing `imageconfig` JSON file, for example, `edge-image.json`.
```

Reviewer 2: @sgolebiewski-intel 
Is the "utilities.json" a fixed thing or just an example? That is not the same!

Reviewer: No, it's not a fixed thing. The user can use any name for the JSON file. Thanks for catching that!

   ```bash

>    # Refer to this usage format 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   # Refer to this usage format:
```

>    Usage: ./add_custom_packages.sh "<pkg1 pkg2 ...>" path/to/image.json [custom-packages.json]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   # Usage: ./add_custom_packages.sh "<pkg1 pkg2 ...>" path/to/image.json [custom-packages.json]
```

>    # Run the script to add nano into the edge-image.json configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   # Run the script to add nano into the edge-image.json configuration.
```

   ./add_custom_packages.sh "nano" ../imageconfigs/edge-image.json utilities.json
   ```

>   - `"<pkg1 pkg2 ...>"`: List the package names you want to include, separated by spaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

  - `"<pkg1 pkg2 ...>"` - List names of packages to include. Keep them separated by spaces.
```

>   - `path/to/image.json`: Specify the path to your `imageconfig` JSON file, such as `../imageconfigs/edge-image.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `path/to/image.json` - Specify the path to your `imageconfig` JSON file, for example, `../imageconfigs/edge-image.json`.
```

>   - `[custom-packages.json]`: Optionally provide a name for the custom package list file. If omitted, a default name `custom-packages.json` will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `[custom-packages.json]` - Optionally, provide a name for the custom package list file. If omitted, the default `custom-packages.json` name will be used.
```

> 2. After running the script, your `imageconfig` JSON file (e.g., `edge-image.json`) will include the newly created custom package list. You can also create a new file and add it to the `imageconfigs` folder. Ensure that the `PackageLists` section in the `imageconfig` JSON file before running the `add_custom_packages.sh` to include the custom package list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. After running the script, your `imageconfig` JSON file (e.g., `edge-image.json`) will include the custom package list you specified. You can also create a new file and add it to the `imageconfigs` folder. Before running `add_custom_packages.sh` to include your custom package list, make sure that the `PackageLists` section exists in the `imageconfig` JSON file.
```

Note that you can only add the packages for which SPEC files exist. To add `nano` as an
alternative text editor to the image:

> 1. Use the script to create a custom `utilities.json` file with a package list and update an existing `imageconfig` JSON file, for example, `edge-image.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use the script to create a custom package list file, for example `utilities.json`, and update an existing `imageconfig` JSON file, for example, `edge-image.json`.
```
